Improve documentation for adding custom widget to sidebar (#20)
testing-for-s/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/admin-panel-customization/extension.md

  👉 This can be done by directly updating the `/src/admin/app` file, which can import any file located in `/src/admin/extensions`.

## Adding a Widget to the Sidebar

One common way to extend the admin panel is by adding a custom widget to the sidebar. This allows you to integrate additional functionality or information directly into the main navigation of your Strapi application.

To add a widget to the sidebar:

1. Create a new React component for your widget in the `/src/admin/extensions` directory.
2. In the `/src/admin/app.js` file, import your new component and use the `menu` key in the `config` object to add it to the sidebar.

> Here's a basic example of how to add a custom widget:

Reviewer: @docsy Please rewrite it following this suggestion—our styleguide uses "following" and a more neutral tone:
```suggestion
The following is a basic example of how to add a custom widget
```

Reviewer: > content should be updated!

Not that I can see 😆
